Translate README to English and update information (#10)
eclipse-oniro4openharmony/f-oh: README.md

# F-OH

<img src="entry/src/main/resources/base/media/ONIRO.png" width="128px" />

## Project Introduction

> For technical consultation, please go here：[About Author](https://kaihongpai.feishu.cn/wiki/CqWLwJRadibxztkrIWZcogWxnXd)

> Oniro is an application center on the OpenHarmony platform, and provides download and installation support

Reviewer: I meant 

```suggestion
F-OH is an application center for the Oniro and OpenHarmony platform, and provides download and installation support
```
